IG Crypto Holding: The Platform
IG Crypto Holding is a project whose objective is the start-up of a farm for cryptocurrency mining
located in Istanbul. Since Electricity and Climate is a huge factor to consider when establishing a
mining farm, IG Crypto Holding will be taking advantage of the good weather in Istanbul to drive
the mechanisms that will provide power for the start-up.
The results of cryptocurrency mining are highly dependent on the infrastructure efficiency and
electricity rates, which makes renewable energy sources the sort after solution for a cost-effective
and clean mining operation. The farm will be powered by both photovoltaic system with MPPT
(Maximum Power Point Tracker) and wind turbine with electricity. This 100% clean and renewable
energy outcome will be used to directly power our mining equipment. A back-up generator will be
installed also should incase if there is power failure from the photovoltaic system and wind
turbines.
Since our farm provides its own energy, we are providing a multi-algorithm, multi-coin cloud
mining service that uses the latest technology at a very cheap rate as compared to other cloud
mining platforms. We will also offer cheap cloud mining reseller packages to those who want to
sell to their own miners.
The farm will be equipped with high performance computing equipment’s that will provide the
required computing power needed for cryptocurrency mining. GPU-based and ASIC-based
equipment will be used so as to make mining of different cryptocurrencies possible.
ASIC (Application-specific Integrated Circuits) are the latest cutting-edge tools used in Bitcoin
mining. These tools can be used for mining bitcoins at amazing speeds. GPUs (Graphics Processor
Units) were originally designed to improve and optimize the 3D graphics of the most demanding
video games. They are much faster than the main computer processors (CPUs) at doing specific
calculations, and, thus, are very suitable to mine cryptocurrencies. GPUs couple cutting-edge
speed with high flexibility can mine dozens of different cryptocurrencies, executing various
algorithms, and can adapt to changing market conditions, always working on the most profitable
problems.
For miners to use the IGCH cloud mining service, an ICO (Initial Coin Offering) will be launched, in
which tokens would be sold, to enable miners access our cloud computing power. These tokens
will serve as rental fees. A total 10,000,000,000 IGCH tokens will be issued to allow the rental of
the cloud mining services.

Features of IG Crypto Holding
1. Cheap hosting at competitive hosting: Because we produce our own electricity thereby
reducing our running cost, we will offer miners with very cheap and competitive cloud
mining services.
2. No downtime 99.90% Uptime: Our Solar plants and wind turbines will generate enough
electricity for the farm, thereby eradicating any power outage.
3. Cutting-edge Hardware Technology: our farm is equipped with exceptional and high-per
formance computing equipment that aims at providing the required computing power
needed for cryptocurrency mining.
4. Mine alternative cryptocurrencies: with the of use of GPU-based and ASIC-based equip
ment on our cloud mining services, you can mine any cryptocurrency.
5. 24X7 Technical Assistance: we offer quick and responsive technical assistance to our
clients 24hrs a day and 7 days a week.

Disclaimer
This presentation is for information purposes only. It should not be construed as on offer to sell,
or a solicitation to buy any security or token as a security.
By purchasing the IGCH token, you are entering a mining contract with IG-Crypto Holding, which
entitles you to certain rights on the digital services generated by the mining equipment we operate
in our facilities. The IGCH token does not entitles you to any distribution of dividends, interests,
rights on shares in IG-Crypto Holding or any other form of right usually embedded in a fnancial
security as defined in your jurisdiction.
IG-Crypto Holding ICO refers to an Initial Contract Offering whereby our mining services are oered
to you. IG-Crypto Holding is a start-up; a large part of this presentation thereof consists of
forward-looking statements relating to: plans and objectives of management for future operations
or economic performance; conclusions and projections about current and future economic and
political trends and regulations in the cryptocurrency and Blockchain space; and projected
fnancial results from mining operations. Projected fnancial results and mining operations
performance in this presentation are only a sample for potential future proftability and actual
results could materially differ from forward-looking statements.
